[Austin groans]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[breathes heavily]
Fuck.
[ethereal music playing]
Oh my God.
[groans]
[exhales]
[sniffles]
[intriguing music playing]
[theme music playing]
Yeah. and I know I don't need it.
but I figure. like.
a little BOTOX and laser doesn't hurt.
Like. everyone says to start early.
and. you know. it…
it's pretty cool that Lindsay and Ava
included me on the girls' trip. right?
[Austin] Yeah. totally.
And if I get in good with them now.
I'm sure they can help us
down the line with something.
They have the best connections
for. like. literally everything.
Oh. no. they've already seen me wear that.
Don't forget to pack your straightener.
It gets humid.
-Can you grab it for me?
-Uh-huh.
And pack my toiletries. too. please?
Yep. on it.
I'll pack the wrinkle release too.
Are you sure you don't wanna come?
There are still seats left on the flight.
and we're making enough money
off the commissions.
Babe. you know I really want to.
but the entire wellness center
is my responsibility.
and it's popping off like crazy lately.
No. I know.
It just doesn't feel right visiting Korea
for the first time without you.
I know.
We'll go together soon.
Not if we have a baby.
I mean. by the time I come back.
we might be parents.
-Can you believe it?
-[exhales]
I can't. It's so cool.
Always have your phone on. okay?
'Cause I'll call right away
if Dr. Aliabadi calls
with the embryo results.
Yep. phone on. definitely.
Okay.
I'm gonna miss you.
Can I have another one
where I feel the love?
Yeah. Sorry.
[Austin moans]
-[Austin kisses]
-[chuckles]
-There it is.
-I felt that one.
[inhales deeply] Okay.
I love you.
Love you too.
I'll see you soon.
-I'll call you when I get to the airport.
-Okay.
-Have a great trip. okay?
I miss you already.
Miss you. Bye.
[ethereal music continues]
[groans]
[phone line ringing]
-[Austin's mom] Austin.
-Hi. Mom.
[in Korean] Did you do it?
[in English] Yeah. no. I couldn't do it.
[Josh] Hey.
I had Meredith and Paul
update the divorce terms.
Okay. well.
my lawyer hasn't mentioned anything. so…
I went ahead
and signed my contract extension.
And I want you to have
half of the earnings.
And Meredith and Paul just agreed to that?
Not really. No. Meredith's pretty mad.
but it's. you know…
It's the right thing to do.
You were a big part of everything
that happened at the club.
[melancholy music playing]
Well…
Well. I
appreciate you saying that.
Yeah. so just. um… If you page through it.
you'll also see that. uh. I agreed
to all the terms that you asked for.
Okay. Um…
[chuckles]
Are you. like.
dying or something?
[chuckles] No. No.
I know it's weird.
But. um.
I just…
Just
look through it.
sign it when you can. then.
you know.
we'll be all… all done
with it.
Uh. yeah.
I'll take a look at it
and sign it before I go.
[Josh] Don't forget your night guard.
-Yes!
-Yeah. [chuckles]
[in Korean] She should not be seated
so close to the front.
She is Woosh's grandmother.
She cries very loudly.
It will ruin the funeral.
Chairwoman...
Your driver is ready to take
you to your private jet.
-Go take care of the suitcases.
-Ah. yes.
Eunice. you're good. right?
Yes. I am well...
Is everything set for
the Trochos VIP trip to Korea?
Yes. I'll be meeting them at the airport.
Make sure it goes smoothly.
I don't want anyone backing out.
Yes. understood.
Let's go.
Get some sleep on the plane. You look ill.
Yes. Chairwoman. Safe travels.
[Park] Mm. okay.
[gasps]
[pensive music playing]
[driver speaking Korean]
[music intensifies]
[Austin's mom]
You need to leave right now.
[in English] She killed your boss's dog.
Who's she gonna kill next?
Oh. Mom. the coyote killed the dog.
We don't know
if she had anything to do with it.
Do not blame the coyote.
Coyote is a coyote.
Ashley is a Ashley.
Do you understand?
I don't know.
Are you sure I should break up with her?
You know. we have
so many good things going for us.
And I'm doing so well at the club.
[in Korean] What does that
have to do with Ashley?
You will continue to do well without her.
[in English] I don't know.
She can say bad stuff about me at work.
You know?
It's not easy throwing
everything. like. away. okay. Mom?
And. like. we've been together
for almost two years.
[in Korean] If you had a baby.
then you'd really be stuck.
[in English] I doubt it.
The IVF isn't even going well. you know?
They haven't even retrieved
that many eggs.
Austin. you are so afraid to upset people.
It is my fault.
I hit you when you were little.
I'm very sorry.
[in Korean] But if you don't leave now.
neither you nor her will ever leave.
-Charger. license. gum. socks…
-[car approaches]
[car door opens]
Austin!
Hey. Eunice.
Uh. what are you doing here?
I'm so sorry to bother.
Is… now a bad time?
No. now's a great time. What's up?
[sobs]
Hey. Hey. it's… Hey. hey. hey.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
What's… what's going on?
It's the chairwoman.
She's been covering up a death
at the clinic.
-[uneasy music playing]
-What? Someone died?
A couple months ago. [sniffles]
Her husband's been operating
with a hand tremor.
A patient died during surgery.
They've been bribing people
with money going out from the club. and
I think maybe Woosh caught on.
-Wait. what?
-That's why he was killed.
I thought that was.
like. a drunk hit-and-run.
They never caught the driver.
They're closing the investigation.
What?
What the fuck?
I know this sounds crazy.
Yeah. it does.
-I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come.
-No. no. I'm… I'm glad you came. I just…
I need a second to catch up.
Um…
Wow. Uh. okay. I guess…
Do you… do you have proof?
There's evidence on here.
I took it while it was unlocked.
You can make it so it doesn't lock?
Yeah. it's under display and brightness.
I put it in airplane mode
so she can't erase it.
What's "raise to wake"?
[phone ringing]
Oh my God. this is her.
What do I do?
Let's go to the police now.
I'll drive you--
You don't understand.
She can access anyone she wants.
[ringing continues]
[uneasy music playing]
[in Korean] Hello?
[Park] Eunice.
I can't seem to find my phone.
Yes. Chairwoman. I have it.
You forgot it on the table.
I'm...
...bringing it with me.
I'll have it for you in Korea.
Ah. thank you.
What would I do without you. Eunice?
[chuckles uncomfortably]
Thank you. Chairwoman.
I thought you took off already?
I did. I'm calling from the plane.
How far are you from the airport?
[in English] Sorry. Chairwoman.
it's Austin.
Austin?
Eunice is helping me before the flight.
We're at my place.
Oh. you are coming to Korea too?
Yes. absolutely.
Very fun. I will see you both in Seoul.
Have a good flight.
[in Korean] Yes!
[both exhale sharply]
[in English] I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have got you involved.
-You really don't have to come.
-No.
I wanna come.
I feel like she knows.
Well. uh…
Uh…
What if I. um…
what if I back up the phone to a laptop?
And then we can still give her the phone
when we land.
And
I can give the backup
to the. uh. Korean authorities
or the FBI. whoever we can trust.
and she'll have no idea it was you.
Yeah.
[sighs] Thank you so much.
I'm so glad I came here.
Of course.
I'm here for you.
[Austin sighs]
[intriguing music playing]
[in Korean] I used to be able
to erase it remotely...
...but it's not working now.
Do you think she can be trusted?
I'm not sure.
There is more risk now.
Execute the plan we discussed.
Okay. then I'll send him to Josh.
[indistinct chattering]
-[Josh in English] Hey. Finn.
-Hey.
[Josh] Hey. sorry for the delay.
Maintenance will be up in about ten
to adjust the pod.
Damn. that took forever.
Not very MVP.
Sorry. I was looking everywhere
for my keys. Couldn't find them.
Oh. hey. Finneas.
You know Josh is single now.
-Ah. all right. Troy.
-[Finneas] Dude.
-About time.
-What? What do you mean?
Oh man. Billie hated it
when you brought Lindsay around.
Really? I didn't know that.
Even when she said something nice.
it always felt like a diss.
-[Josh] Huh.
-[Finneas] Ugh.
Yeah.
Well. it's also kind of just
her sense of humor. you know.
It's kind of charming
once you get to know her.
There was this one time we were eating--
Trying to get him
back out there again. Finn.
I even got him hooked up at Raya.
but Josh is being a little pussy about it.
No. I just need
a little time for myself right now.
[Finneas] Fuck that. man.
I met Claudia right after a breakup.
Me too. I met Ava
after my first marriage ended.
Yeah.
Well. no. I think. for me.
it's just a little too soon.
Too soon?
I got my vasectomy too soon.
Wait. I actually know.
like. the perfect girl for you.
-I'm not--
-No. she played bass on our last tour.
She lives in Santa Barbara.
She's divorced.
You'd get along with her. She's Latina.
Maybe we circle back in a year.
and. you know… and…
What's her name?
Jamie.
-She's cute.
-Yeah.
[ethereal electronic music playing]
-[Ashley] Hey. Linds.
-Yeah.
How much are these?
They're free.
Wow.
This too?
[clears throat] Yes.
Everything in your seat is free.
So fancy. [chuckles]
[Lindsay] I know.
-[Ashley] Oh. hey. Lindsay.
-Yes. my love?
Um…
How is this a phone?
Oh. [chuckles]
You swipe your credit card down the side.
but it's not worth it.
-It's. like. $12 a minute.
-Ah.
[message sent tone]
[Ava] I just needed
two minutes of your time. God.
[Troy] Ava. babe. you know
I'm gonna hang up when we start fighting.
I'm not fighting. I just hate flying
without my lucky bracelet.
I can't find it anywhere.
You just got to chill out.
Pop on a movie or something.
a podcast. okay?
-[whispers] Thank you so much.
-You'll be fine.
Hey. look. Finneas and I are about to do
a steam sesh. okay? I gotta go.
-Okay. love you.
-[disconnect tone]
You want to borrow my bracelet?
[Ava] Oh. that's so sweet.
but I'll be fine.
I'll just double up on my sleepy pills.
[laughs]
It's kind of messed up that he couldn't
even make the time to talk to you.
Yeah. I'm used to it. He's really busy.
[melancholy music playing]
Has he always been like that?
[Ava sighs] I mean. not in the beginning.
Back then. he would cancel
a whole work trip just to tuck me in.
But once they get you…
Right. Linds?
Oh. 100%.
They only try when they absolutely need to
or when it's too late.
[Ava] Yep. Anyone want three Xanax?
-No. I'm good.
-[Ashley] I'm okay.
[Austin] Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry.
-Oh.
-[Austin] Excuse me.
Hey. babe.
Oh my God.
-What are you doing here?
-I just missed you too much.
I got a coach seat.
but Eunice is gonna sit in mine
so I can sit next to you.
-That's really nice of her.
-Mm-hmm.
I'm so glad you came.
-Hi.
[awkward laugh]
[Ashley] Ooh! You see these?
These are free.
-Look at this.
-[Austin] Wow.
[indistinct chattering]
[stirring music playing]
[man in Korean]
Yes. we're about to depart.
Yes. I will send a full report
as soon as we land.
I know. I know. I'll keep an eye on it.
Can I help you?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to stare.
You are so beautiful.
I couldn't help myself.
I'm married.
[flight attendant] Hot towel?
No. Thank you.
[baby babbling]
[indistinct chattering]
[chair motor whirring]
[Ashley in English] Oh my God.
Can you believe it?
Can you believe we're traveling like this?
[Austin] For sure.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
-I know. right?
-Yeah.
[Ashley] Honestly.
it meant so much that you decided to come.
Just
promise that we'll never lose sight
of what's really important.
[Austin] Promise.
[Ashley sighs]
-Oh.
-Miss. as requested.
Here's one of everything.
Ooh!
Chocolate mousse. crème brûlée.
Korean sweet rice punch. and a fruit tart.
Thank you so much.
[inhales sharply]
I think I asked for
a chocolate chip cookie though.
My apologies.
I'll be right back.
Thank you. I'd appreciate that.
Ooh. uh. can you make sure it's soft?
Absolutely.
I'll be right back with your soft cookie.
Thank you.
-It's just not worth it if it's hard.
-No. I know.
-Mm. do you want to order some?
-Nah. I'm good.
Ooh. fun. They have Aftersun.
You wanna watch?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[groans]
The bathrooms are ocupado.
I'm gonna go to the ones in coach.
but when I get back.
we're gonna get our Mescal on.
-Oh. okay.
-Okay?
-I'll miss you.
-All right. Be right back. Love you.
Love you.
[intriguing music playing]
-Wow. that looks amazing. Thank you.
-[Josh] It's beautiful. Thank you.
It's a nice place.
Oh. yeah. it's great. I know the owner.
Oh. cool.
Yeah. such a… such a great guy.
He's the best.
-Yeah. that's good. Good.
-Really good guy.
Yeah. every time I pass by this place.
I'm like. "I need to try that place."
-So…
-Yeah?
-This is good.
-Good. Yeah. good.
-How's the gazpacho?
-It's good.
Okay.
-We have to stop saying good.
-[chuckles]
Sorry.
-[laughs]
-Sorry. I. um…
I haven't been on a date
in. like. 15 years.
I don't know why I ordered gazpacho.
I don't even like it.
[laughing]
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I'm. like… I'm really falling apart here.
-No. hey.
-Sorry.
Hey. look. I've been divorced for a year.
I've gone on a lot of dates.
It's totally normal to be nervous.
Okay. I'll just keep drinking this.
So. how… how is the divorce going?
Great. Actually. it's really great.
Yeah? Like. you two… you two are good?
Yeah. She needs to sign the papers.
but we're on the…
on the same page with everything.
and… she's my best friend.
so I think that's
what we were always meant to be.
is friends. and we'll be friends forever.
Forever and ever.
-That's great.
-Yeah.
You're in a way better spot
than I was two months in.
I mean. usually there's months and months.
if not years.
of on-again. off-again.
make-up sex. drama.
I…
The fact that you two are friends.
that's great.
Yeah. we're ready to move on. so…
You're using. um.
Lewis. Lewis. and Young. right?
Wow. Troy and Finneas
really gave you the scoop. huh?
Gave you all the details.
Well. like I said. I've been.
you know. doing this for years.
so I'm not gonna date anyone
unless they check all the boxes.
And I check all the boxes?
Yes.
So far.
Okay.
[pensive music playing]
[pensive music continues]
-[Ashley] Lindsay.
-Yeah?
[whispers] He's into you.
[whispers] No.
[whispers] No!
[whispers] No. no.
-[whispers] I'm gonna…
-[whispers] Jesus fucking…
-Sorry. Excuse me.
-Yeah?
Um. could you sit in my seat?
[man] What?
[Ashley] I need to go check on my fiancé.
and. uh. I want my seat to stay warm.
[man] Oh. okay.
[Ashley] Thank you so much.
This is my friend.
She's single and talented
and down to clown. Okay? Bye.
[laughs]
-[laughs nervously]
-Wow. she should've started with that.
Hi. my name's Brandon.
Hi. I'm Megan.
[Eunice] I had to stop halfway.
Can you back it up onto your laptop?
Oh. I don't know. I mean.
Ashley might find that a little weird.
-I don't even know what I'd tell her.
-Can't you just be honest with her?
-Uh…
-[intriguing music playing]
I think it might be better
if you back it up.
I'm pretty sure I'm being watched.
I bet the chairwoman
has someone following me.
But how could she even get someone
on the plane that fast?
You don't know her.
This woman… buys elections.
Influences global policy.
She's capable of anything.
Well.
if I may say this.
if Park sent someone.
they would've grabbed the phone by now.
We're gonna be fine.
Just finish backing it up.
put it on a USB. and I'll take it
straight to the police when we land. okay?
[sighs] Okay.
Yeah. no. you're right.
Thank you.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
[curtain slides open]
What the fuck?
[Austin] Ash! Wait. wait!
[Josh] Sorry for the detour.
I lost my keys.
and the spare's back over here.
-You're just trying to show off the place.
-Oh. I swear to God. I'm not.
-It's beautiful.
-But is it working?
-[door creaking]
-It's amazing.
Fuck.
[uneasy music playing]
-Burberry!
-Is everything okay?
[clapping] Berry!
-Come on. buddy!
-[Burberry barks]
What?
-Oh. is that who you're--
-Yeah. there he is.
-Oh. he's so cute.
-Oh my God. Hey. Bubba. Oh. thank God.
Sorry.
My last dog got out.
and a coyote killed him.
-Oh my God. I'm so sorry.
-Yeah.
-Oh. thank you.
-[Burberry whines]
The shelter thought they'd found him.
but it turned out it was this little guy.
And you still adopted him.
Yeah. well. you know.
I couldn't just leave him there.
So. you… you want a drink?
[tense music playing]
I'll fucking kill you. you stupid bitch.
-How long? Tell me how long!
-Ashley. stop!
-I swear it's not how it looks.
-"Don't know what I'd do without you"?
Hey. hey. hey!
Eunice genuinely needs my help. okay?
Chairwoman Park is killing people.
Oh. She's killing people?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Come here. you glass-faced whore!
-Hey!
If you would just let us explain.
I have the chairwoman's phone.
It has very sensitive info--
You two talking Korean on this?
Little secret language?
Is there a problem here?
Oh. there's a big problem.
Please remove this woman from the plane.
Return to your seats right now
or I will alert the captain.
Alert him we got a two-timing bastard
and a home-wrecking ho!
Can I talk to you in private?
Into the bathroom upstairs.
[in American accent] I remodeled it
with my childhood home in mind.
so there's a lot of this
kind of crushed mohair that is to die for.
Yeah. so it's nice. Yeah.
I moved out to the countryside.
but I kept my loft in the city.
Wow. that sounds perfect.
[Ava snores]
Yeah. it's perfect.
[Brandon chuckles]
How are you single?
[laughs]
It's by choice.
I never wanted to be dependent on a man.
Hey. I get that.
but. I mean. you still got needs. right?
Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know what your schedule is like.
but maybe we can get together sometime.
[in usual voice] Have you seen my friend?
Short. cute. but you want to scold her?
-They're in the restroom up there.
-Oh. I must've missed them.
You're British?
Uh. yeah.
[Ashley] You're a fucking liar.
[Austin] I'm the liar?
You're the one who's always lying.
[Ashley] I haven't lied once
in our entire relationship.
[Austin] Ashley. you killed their dog.
-[unsettling music playing]
-[Ashley] What are you talking about?
[Austin] Josh's neighbor has a video
of our car driving by
the day their dog went missing.
I… I know it was you.
[Ashley] It was an accident. okay?
I… I didn't mean to leave their door open.
I just wanted to mess with their house.
[Austin grunts]
[Troy] It's nice getting back out there
as an adult. huh?
You enjoy each other's company.
exchange bodily fluids.
and then you part ways
with zero expectations.
I mean. it was the healthiest interaction
I've ever had in my life.
-[clattering]
-Yeah. you're ready for the next chapter.
-It's all about differentiation. brother.
-[tense music playing]
What's that?
-Oh man. differentiation therapy?
-[clattering]
I wish I would've known about it
when I was younger.
It would've saved me a world of trouble.
I'm telling you.
everyone gets married too early.
when their prefrontal cortexes
are still undercooked.
Like in most couples.
one person chases this way.
then the other goes that way.
So then the person does this.
and then they do that.
which makes them go this way.
and then they go that way.
So the other person does this.
but it's all about being like this.
Yeah. I don't know
what you're talking about.
[FaceTime ringtone]
You FaceTiming me?
Yeah. yeah. pick up. Pick up.
[connect tone]
-Hey.
-Hey. how you doing?
All right. listen. listen.
This is you. this is her. all right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Okay.
So then one person
becomes anxiously attached.
and you become avoidant.
So what do you do?
You lash out.
but it's all about being here and here.
This is me. this is Ava.
secure in ourselves
no matter what the other person is doing.
Okay. so this. right?
But. like. when do the hands do… this?
I don't fucking know.
Listen. somebody told me
about the hands thing.
I… I don't go to therapy. I golf.
Okay.
But listen. Hey. I'm really happy for you.
I really am.
You gotta sign up for this Raya thing
'cause you're ready for this.
[chuckles]
You're ready. You're looking good.
You're ready right now.
You know what else I'm ready for?
I'm ready for that bev cart girl
to keep bending over
every time she drops a bottle cap.
-[stirring music playing]
-[phone line ringing]
Hey. you've reached Joshua Martín at MVP.
Leave a message.
and I'll get back to you ASAP. I got you.
Josh. you literally
never turn your phone off.
Why is your phone off?
Call me back. This is urgent.
Fuck's sake.
[Ava] My deepest sadness is knowing
that when I take my last breath.
there will be no one by my side.
What the fuck?
[Ava] I'll tell you what.
I'll have a Chinese chicken salad
and a large vanilla cone.
Okay. Go back to sleep. Ava.
-[loud rattling]
-Oh my God!
Oh. you're awake.
This turbulence has been crazy.
Look. Can you switch seats with me?
I can't sit next to Austin
when he comes back.
-Yeah. Of course.
-Thank you.
Can you believe there's no Wi-Fi here?
It's fucking business class.
What are we even paying for?
What's wrong? Tell me everything.
There's no Wi-Fi is what's wrong.
The second we get off this flight.
I'll run this through Google Translate.
and if this isn't the chairwoman's phone.
I'm gonna throw Austin and Eunice
into North Korea.
Is he cheating on you?
I'll never know
until I figure out what's on this phone.
Oh. you've gotta give the phone to me.
Give it to me. Come on. Come on.
I'll take it.
and you just think happy thoughts.
And I'm gonna go
and get you a drink. okay?
-Okay. thank you.
-Okay.
Can I have a Shirley Temple. virgin?
Yes. of course.
But only if it's Sprite.
If not. apple juice.
You got it.
[groans] I don't know what to do.
I can't even look at her anymore.
Who knows what else she's lying about.
you know?
Sorry. Sorry about that.
I really do empathize with all of it.
but you can't stay down here
the rest of the flight.
Go make things right with Ashley.
We need to get the phone back.
Look. between you and me.
when you saw me earlier.
I was actually planning on leaving Ashley.
I don't think she and I
are meant to be together.
[sighs]
I don't know what to say to that.
Austin.
I love you.
You don't even know me.
I know that there's something there.
I know you make me
feel like the best version of me.
You feel that too. right?
We can't talk about this
until you've broken up.
Sir. I'm not gonna say it again.
You must return to your seat.
Yeah. I'm on my way.
-We need to get the phone back.
-Yes.
The chairwoman cannot suspect anything.
Right. right.
We can talk about all this stuff later.
-You gotta focus.
-Thank you.
I love you.
[pensive music playing]
I can't say it back.
But you know how I feel.
-Let's go get the phone.
-Yeah.
[intriguing music playing]
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
[groans]
Jesus fucking Christ.
[retching]
Oh fucking hell.
Oh my God.
[groans]
[retching]
Oh fucking Christ.
[groans]
Oh no. you poor little sausage.
it feels awful.
but he is a complete and utter tosspot.
and I've always thought that about him.
Now. we're landing soon.
so you better drink up.
Oh God. I needed this.
Ashley! Ash. Ash. Ash. Ash!
We need the phone.
-Not until we land.
-Please.
This is bigger than all of us.
Sorry. guys.
Just give her a bit of space. okay?
Bottoms up. Ash.
She can do what she wants.
Just give us the phone.
Oh. it's us now?
Ashley. where is the phone?
She doesn't even have the phone. okay?
Can you just give her a moment of peace?
-Down the hatch. Ash. Go on.
-Lindsay. Lindsay!
The chairwoman has been
covering up a death at Trochos. okay?
I have to back up the phone for evidence
and personally hand it to her.
or else we're all in danger.
especially your husband.
I'm sorry.
What the fuck are you talking about?
-[Eunice] Just hand me the phone.
-I don't have the phone! I flushed it.
[Austin] Why do that?
'Cause I know you killed Burberry.
you evil cunt.
-[passenger announcement tone]
-Oh my goodness. what a great flight.
Fuck.
[vomits]
[Josh] Yeah.
Fun.
[pensive ethereal music playing]
Mm.
[phone buzzing]
Oh Jesus Christ.
[sighs]
Wow.
Oof!
-[sighs]
-[phone buzzing]
Oh. for… Shit.
Uh-uh.
Fuck it.
[message sent tone]
[tense music playing]
What the fuck?
[Ava] Oh my God. I love Korea.
I can't believe
they had greeters waiting for us.
[Lindsay] I don't think they're greeters.
Sorry. do you speak English?
[Eunice] Please act normal.
Everything will be okay.
Aw. you're so sweet.
[Chief Counsel] Hello.
-[Austin] Hey.
-[Eunice] Annyeonghaseyo.
[Ava] Oh. hi!
[message sent tone]
Good evening. everyone. Welcome to Korea.
[squeals] So exciting.
[Chief Counsel] Your drivers
are waiting for you just outside.
[in Korean] You have the
Chairwoman's phone. yes?
I left it in Montecito.
[in English] If you don't mind. the men
will do a pat-down for security purposes.
[man 1] All right. excuse me.
God. I love how safe they are here.
[man 1] Yep.
[chuckles]
["All You're Waiting For"
by Classixx playing]
[doorbell rings]
♪ Circles running round
Come back for more ♪
♪ Somebody needs a little more everyday ♪
♪ Somebody needs a little give ♪
♪ I'm gonna line it up. get on the way… ♪
Hey.
Alexis?
♪ Hey. wait a minute… ♪
Hello?
♪ Got my bags packed
Waiting on the driver curve ♪
♪ So just a minute
Take a minute for the change-up… ♪
[muffled screaming]
♪ I'm all you're waiting for ♪
♪ Somebody's looking for a situation ♪
♪ Somebody's working on the score ♪
♪ If I never got the invitation ♪
♪ Would I ever see the exit door? ♪
♪ Somebody needs a little more everyday ♪
♪ Somebody needs a little give ♪
♪ I'm gonna line it up. get on the way ♪
♪ And take it there again ♪
[music fades]